This is when your dad was alive
Left for you
If your father knew what I did to you
He will definitely blame me
I don't blame you, you didn't know at the time.
But it was me
Threatening the family banquet with your life to go to Jingxuan
My life is in charge
Give you a miscarriage and hemorrhage
I will also donate blood to you as medicine
It turned out that he didn't agree to marry Zhao Jingxuan to repay his kindness
Oh.
How come?
child
I can see that.
Family loves you.
Even if Zhao Jingxuan pretended to be depressed
He only promised to take care of him
A good idea
I already have a boyfriend
I have no relationship with him, right?